README.md, before:

![Logo](https://i.imgur.com/y61iWez.png) 
# Cartridge Valley

## Online Gaming Shop

This is a React project made to learn the ins and outs of this specific library. Cartridge Valley is an online gaming shop specialized in retro games, consoles, and more! Here (if the place was real) you can buy a wide range of gaming-related goodies! Such as games, consoles, accessories, and much more!

** You can check it out [here](https://estebanmaxposse.github.io/gaming_shop.-POSSE_Esteban_Maximiliano/) **

## Now working on

```javascript
function nowWorkingOn() {
  let currentDevelopments = [
    "Catalogue",
  ];
  return currentDevelopments[0];
};
```

## Tecnologies and libraries used

### React

This project was made entirely using React! Their components proved to be very useful creating a site of the likes on this one. This allows me to create complex UIs and navigations!

### Sass

I used Sass in order to sytlize the page! Its nested classes allowed me to keep the code organized and easily editable. It also goes along very well with...

### Bootstrap

Without this awesome toolkit it'd have taken me years to design and implement all the components of the website. From carousels, cards, and even buttons, this library game the right tools for this project more times than I can count.

### React-Bootstrap

A framework that makes the integration of Bootstrap components much easier. This tool simulates Bootstrap elements as React components in the code! Making it look much cleaner and easier to read.

### React Router Dom 

One of the best libraries for React navigation, this one allowed me to implement seamless navigation in my website, along with several other advantages like dynamic links and rendering!

### React Favicon

Just to update the favicon!

## Demo

[Small Tour Here!](https://i.imgur.com/iiRGnBn.gifv)

Commit message:

updated readme and fixed some bugs

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://i.imgur.com/y61iWez.png) 
# Cartridge Valley

## Online Gaming Shop

This is a React project made to learn the ins and outs of this specific library. Cartridge Valley is an online gaming shop specialized in retro games, consoles, and more! Here (if the place was real) you can buy a wide range of gaming-related goodies! Such as games, consoles, accessories, and much more!

** You can check it out [here](https://ecommerce-cartridge-valley.netlify.app/) **

## Now working on

```javascript
function nowWorkingOn() {
  let currentDevelopments = [
    "Catalogue",
  ];
  return currentDevelopments[0];
};
```

## Tecnologies and libraries used

### React

This project was made entirely using React! Their components proved to be very useful creating a site of the likes on this one. This allows me to create complex UIs and navigations!

### Sass

I used Sass in order to sytlize the page! Its nested classes allowed me to keep the code organized and easily editable. It also goes along very well with...

### Bootstrap

Without this awesome toolkit it'd have taken me years to design and implement all the components of the website. From carousels, cards, and even buttons, this library game the right tools for this project more times than I can count.

### React-Bootstrap

A framework that makes the integration of Bootstrap components much easier. This tool simulates Bootstrap elements as React components in the code! Making it look much cleaner and easier to read.

### React Router Dom 

One of the best libraries for React navigation, this one allowed me to implement seamless navigation in my website, along with several other advantages like dynamic links and rendering!

### React Favicon

Just to update the favicon!

### Firebase (Authentication & Firestore)

Used to store data about the users, products and orders! You can sign in using your Google Account, or create an account using your e-mail!

### Material UI

I didn't know how to do a backdrop loading screen. Thankfully, Material UI has a backdrop component that was really easy to use.

### Fuse.js

Thanks to this library I was able to make a functional search-box. It makes fuzzy searches, meaning it disregards positioning, character cases and can even help you sort out your search results!

### React-Toastify

Extremely useful library to handle toasts. It even helped me create some workarounds thanks to the methods the library provided!

## Demo

[Small Tour Here!](https://i.imgur.com/kgmQBtV.gifv)
